Li Feiyu, what do you want to say?
Is Guo Meichen important?
Put down the gun and don't go off
People will die
Mr. Lin
You don't want to see this son-in-law you chose
Who will she choose?
Beichen, what are you looking at me for?
Don't you forget
I'm pregnant with your flesh and blood in my belly
Beichen, I am willing to take this shot for you
Dear, don't be stupid.
Bullets don't have eyes
That's life-threatening.
Beichen
Are you really doing this for the sake of your society?
Do you want to kill your wife?
My father once taught me
Share your worries for your husband
It's my job.
If Beichen insists on letting me fire this shot
I will never run away
Brother Gu
You were a soldier too, right?
Did the bullet in this gun escape?
You should know it yourself.
River, you shouldn't have fired this shot
Right, bear?
Qin Jiang, I know you are playing with me
Let go of my hand
So I'll give you another bet.
If you win
You don't need to pay back the previous money and favors.
And I'm going to use all my relationships.
Secure your Fucheng Reset home
What do you think?
Guangqiang, get out of here
Put the gun down!
Dad
Don't worry about me
You forget how you taught me
I was born a family man
Death is the ghost of the Gu family
As the wife of Beichen
It is my duty to share my husband's worries
Even at the cost of my life
No matter when and where
I have to believe in my husband with all my heart
You say yes
Father
Beichen, I believe you dare to rob it?